So we have covered quite a bit within this module as we have looked
at management and governance services on AWS.
So let's quickly just take a look at what we've been able to cover.
First of all,
we reviewed the ecosystem of services that are provided
for management of infrastructure on AWS.
We then looked at how to create an audit trail
utilizing a service called AWS CloudTrail.
And then we explored how you track infrastructure
utilizing services like CloudWatch and Config.
And then, we introduced infrastructure automation with CloudFormation
and this concept called infrastructure as code.
We then were able to look at operational insights with
a service called Systems Manager.
And then finally, we reviewed the capabilities of AWS
Organizations when you are leveraging Control Tower. So now,
let's take a look at our scenarios.
So here in this first scenario,
we had Elliot, and he was concerned that some of these changes on
servers might go undetected until there was a data breach.
So, what service would allow him to continuously track
the configuration of infrastructure?
Well in this case, this would be AWS Config,
and they could make sure that there is a set of rules enabled on Config that
checks for the settings they care most about. Now next,
let's take a look at James, and James was the lead architect at a SaaS company,
and he was looking to minimize the manual work required to spin up
new infrastructure for their new application.
So what service would enable James to automate much of this effort?
Well,
this is going to be AWS CloudFormation because, here, James and his
developer team could go through and create templates,
and these templates could be launched with CloudFormation,
which would manage that infrastructure.
So next, let's talk about Candace, and Candace is the CTO at a
manufacturing company, and she was looking again to find out who
deleted one of their production servers.
They know it was an accident,
but they want to be able to follow up with that resource.
So what service could she use?
Well in this case,
this is going to be AWS CloudTrail because it is going to
provide an audit trail of actions performed on AWS, irrespective
of whether or not they were done with the console or with the CLI, or with one of the SDKs.